Update coding-practices.md (#223)
DCAN-Labs/cdni-brain: docs/coding-practices.md

The powerpoint also includes information on services they provide in the event that you *do* wish to commercialize or see potential for commercialization down the road, mechanisms of which include license technology, spin out company, online express licensing, and sponsored research.

**Highlight from their website [UMN Tech Transfer: Releasing Open Source](https://research.umn.edu/units/techcomm/university-inventors/releasing-open-source)**

> **License Recommendations for Software**
>
> **Preferred**: [GNU General Public License version 3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
> 
>  - See [TR;DL Legal](https://tldrlegal.com/) for a summary of the GPL v3.0 license
>
> **Acceptable:** [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT), [BSD License](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause), [Apache 2.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0), [LGPL v3.0 License](https://opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-3.0)
> 

> > - See TR;DL Legal for a summary of the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - See TL;DR Legal for a summary of the:
```

> [MIT License](https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license)
> [BSD License](https://tldrlegal.com/license/bsd-3-clause-license-(revised))
> [Apache 2.0 License](https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0))
> [LGPL v3.0 License](https://tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-lesser-general-public-license-v3-(lgpl-3))

> [TR;DL Legal](https://www.tldrlegal.com/) is a site that breaks down differences between license as simply as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TL;DR Legal](https://www.tldrlegal.com/) is a site that breaks down differences between license as simply as possible
```
